Georgia Byrd spent her life warmest bird
mr. Williams
dreaming of possibilities I suggest you
get with the program miss Berger yeah
you're just scared of some man getting
older until the day was wondering some
time if you're free Oh fate this can't
be right
changed everything I got three weeks to
live I just finished the fat flush
remember you said life was too short to
live the way I do you see mr. Damon
skewed you mind yeah I quit I'm sure a
disciplined woman such as yourself has a
very useful purpose for this money I'm
just gonna blow it welcome to Grand
Hotel Pope you're really saying like
that I know that you will find our
presidential suite most comfortable so
let's just give you a ridiculously large
tip yes
are you all right madam Dale yeah I just
love these sheets I was just taking them
for a little ride around a plum yeah
make me international I haven't seen
George around for a couple of days have
you seen my money mud much Albert berry
rich will he ever same specialist
tomorrow Mike no I guess I better try
more tonight then baby toots sweet from
Paramount Pictures my whole life to do
something like this you're invited
holiday that's feeling about that woman
she's trouble
fit for a queen I'm going base-jumping
tomorrow
Queen Latifah next time we will laugh
more with love more last holiday
[Music]